# This is the CMakeCache file.
# For build in directory: /Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc
# It was generated by CMake: /usr/local/Cellar/cmake/3.3.2/bin/cmake
# You can edit this file to change values found and used by cmake.
# If you do not want to change any of the values, simply exit the editor.
# If you do want to change a value, simply edit, save, and exit the editor.
# The syntax for the file is as follows:
# KEY:TYPE=VALUE
# KEY is the name of a variable in the cache.
# TYPE is a hint to GUIs for the type of VALUE, DO NOT EDIT TYPE!.
# VALUE is the current value for the KEY.

########################
# EXTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Path to a program.
ARM_NONE_EABI_GCC:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-gcc

//Path to a program.
ARM_NONE_EABI_GPP:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-g++

//Path to a program.
ARM_NONE_EABI_OBJCOPY:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-objcopy

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_AR:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-ar

//The ASM compiler
CMAKE_ASM_COMPILER:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-gcc

//Flags used by the assembler during all build types.
CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS:STRING= -fno-exceptions -fno-unwind-tables -x assembler-with-cpp -mcpu=cortex-m4 -mthumb -D__thumb2__

//Flags used by the assembler during debug builds.
CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=-g -gdwarf-3

//Flags used by the assembler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the assembler during release builds.
CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the assembler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=-Os -g -gdwarf-3 -DNDEBUG

//Choose the type of build, options are: None(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS or
// CMAKE_C_FLAGS used) Debug Release RelWithDebInfo MinSizeRel.
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=RelWithDebInfo

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS:STRING= --std=gnu++11 -fno-exceptions -fno-unwind-tables -ffunction-sections -fdata-sections -Wall -Wextra -fno-rtti -fno-threadsafe-statics -mcpu=cortex-m4 -mthumb -D__thumb2__

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=-g -gdwarf-3

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds for minimum
// size.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds with debug info.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=-Os -g -gdwarf-3 -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS:STRING= -std=c99 -fno-exceptions -fno-unwind-tables -ffunction-sections -fdata-sections -Wall -Wextra -mcpu=cortex-m4 -mthumb -D__thumb2__

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=-g -gdwarf-3

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds for minimum
// size.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds with debug info.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=-Os -g -gdwarf-3 -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the linker.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=-fno-exceptions -fno-unwind-tables -Wl,--gc-sections -Wl,--sort-common -Wl,--sort-section=alignment -Wl,-wrap,main -mcpu=cortex-m4 -mthumb -T"/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/yotta_targets/kinetis-k64-gcc/CMake/../ld/K64FN1M0xxx12.ld"

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Enable/Disable output of compile commands during generation.
CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS:BOOL=OFF

//Install path prefix, prepended onto install directories.
CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH=/usr/local

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_LINKER:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-ld

//Program used to build from build.ninja files.
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/ninja

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=-fno-exceptions -fno-unwind-tables -Wl,--gc-sections -Wl,--sort-common -Wl,--sort-section=alignment -mcpu=cortex-m4 -mthumb

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_NM:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-nm

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_OBJCOPY:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-objcopy

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_OBJDUMP:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-objdump

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME:STATIC=mbed-ethernet-sample

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_RANLIB:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-ranlib

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of dll's.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//If set, runtime paths are not added when installing shared libraries,
// but are added when building.
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//If set, runtime paths are not added when using shared libraries.
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of static libraries.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_STRIP:FILEPATH=/usr/local/bin/arm-none-eabi-strip

//The CMake toolchain file
CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE:FILEPATH=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/toolchain.cmake

//If true, cmake will use relative paths in makefiles and projects.
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS:BOOL=OFF

//If this value is on, makefiles will be generated without the
// .SILENT directive, and all commands will be echoed to the console
// during the make.  This is useful for debugging only. With Visual
// Studio IDE projects all commands are done without /nologo.
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE:BOOL=FALSE

//Value Computed by CMake
cmsis-core-freescale_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/cmsis-core-freescale

//Dependencies for the target
cmsis-core-freescale_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;cmsis-core-k64f;

//Value Computed by CMake
cmsis-core-freescale_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/cmsis-core-freescale

//Value Computed by CMake
cmsis-core-k64f_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/cmsis-core-k64f

//Dependencies for the target
cmsis-core-k64f_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;cmsis-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
cmsis-core-k64f_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/cmsis-core-k64f

//Value Computed by CMake
cmsis-core_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/cmsis-core

//Dependencies for the target
cmsis-core_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;cmsis-core-freescale;

//Value Computed by CMake
cmsis-core_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/cmsis-core

//Value Computed by CMake
compiler-polyfill_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/compiler-polyfill

//Dependencies for target
compiler-polyfill_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=

//Value Computed by CMake
compiler-polyfill_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/compiler-polyfill

//Value Computed by CMake
core-util_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/core-util

//Dependencies for the target
core-util_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;ualloc;general;cmsis-core;general;mbed-drivers;

//Value Computed by CMake
core-util_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/core-util

//Value Computed by CMake
dlmalloc_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/dlmalloc

//Dependencies for target
dlmalloc_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=

//Value Computed by CMake
dlmalloc_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/dlmalloc

//Value Computed by CMake
fxos8700cq_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/fxos8700cq

//Dependencies for the target
fxos8700cq_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-drivers;

//Value Computed by CMake
fxos8700cq_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/fxos8700cq

//Value Computed by CMake
lm75b_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/lm75b

//Dependencies for the target
lm75b_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-drivers;

//Value Computed by CMake
lm75b_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/lm75b

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-client-c_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-client-c

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-client-c_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;nanostack-libservice;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-client-c_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-client-c

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-client-mbed-os_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-client-mbed-os

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-client-mbed-os_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-drivers;general;sockets;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-client-mbed-os_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-client-mbed-os

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-client-mbedtls_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-client-mbedtls

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-client-mbedtls_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbedtls;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-client-mbedtls_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-client-mbedtls

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-client_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-client

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-client_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-client-c;general;mbed-client-mbed-os;general;mbed-client-mbedtls;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-client_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-client

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-connector-interface_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-connector-interface

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-connector-interface_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-client;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-connector-interface_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-connector-interface

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-drivers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-drivers

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-drivers_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-hal;general;cmsis-core;general;ualloc;general;minar;general;core-util;general;compiler-polyfill;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-drivers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-drivers

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-endpoint-network-eth_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-endpoint-network-eth

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-endpoint-network-eth_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-client;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-endpoint-network-eth_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-endpoint-network-eth

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-ethernet-sample_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-ethernet-sample_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-hal-frdm-k64f_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-hal-frdm-k64f

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-hal-frdm-k64f_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-hal;general;mbed-hal-k64f;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-hal-frdm-k64f_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-hal-frdm-k64f

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-hal-freescale_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-hal-freescale

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-hal-freescale_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-hal-ksdk-mcu;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-hal-freescale_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-hal-freescale

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-hal-k64f_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-hal-k64f

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-hal-k64f_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;uvisor-lib;general;mbed-hal;general;mbed-hal-frdm-k64f;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-hal-k64f_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-hal-k64f

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-hal-ksdk-mcu_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-hal-ksdk-mcu

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-hal-ksdk-mcu_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;uvisor-lib;general;mbed-hal;general;mbed-hal-k64f;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-hal-ksdk-mcu_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-hal-ksdk-mcu

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-hal_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-hal

//Dependencies for the target
mbed-hal_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-drivers;general;mbed-hal-freescale;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbed-hal_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbed-hal

//Value Computed by CMake
mbedtls_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbedtls

//Dependencies for the target
mbedtls_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;cmsis-core;general;mbed-drivers;

//Value Computed by CMake
mbedtls_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/mbedtls

//Value Computed by CMake
minar-platform-mbed_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/minar-platform-mbed

//Dependencies for the target
minar-platform-mbed_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;cmsis-core;general;mbed-hal;general;minar;

//Value Computed by CMake
minar-platform-mbed_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/minar-platform-mbed

//Value Computed by CMake
minar-platform_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/minar-platform

//Dependencies for the target
minar-platform_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;minar-platform-mbed;general;cmsis-core;

//Value Computed by CMake
minar-platform_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/minar-platform

//Value Computed by CMake
minar_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/minar

//Dependencies for the target
minar_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;compiler-polyfill;general;minar-platform;general;core-util;

//Value Computed by CMake
minar_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/minar

//Value Computed by CMake
nanostack-libservice_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/nanostack-libservice

//Dependencies for target
nanostack-libservice_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=

//Value Computed by CMake
nanostack-libservice_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/nanostack-libservice

//Value Computed by CMake
sal-driver-lwip-k64f-eth_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/sal-driver-lwip-k64f-eth

//Dependencies for the target
sal-driver-lwip-k64f-eth_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;sal-stack-lwip;general;sal-iface-eth;

//Value Computed by CMake
sal-driver-lwip-k64f-eth_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/sal-driver-lwip-k64f-eth

//Value Computed by CMake
sal-iface-eth_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/sal-iface-eth

//Dependencies for the target
sal-iface-eth_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;mbed-drivers;general;sal-stack-lwip;

//Value Computed by CMake
sal-iface-eth_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/sal-iface-eth

//Value Computed by CMake
sal-stack-lwip_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/sal-stack-lwip

//Dependencies for the target
sal-stack-lwip_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;sal;general;sal-driver-lwip-k64f-eth;general;sal-iface-eth;general;mbed-drivers;

//Value Computed by CMake
sal-stack-lwip_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/sal-stack-lwip

//Value Computed by CMake
sal_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/sal

//Dependencies for the target
sal_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;cmsis-core;general;sal-stack-lwip;

//Value Computed by CMake
sal_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/sal

//Value Computed by CMake
sockets_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/sockets

//Dependencies for the target
sockets_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;sal;general;core-util;general;minar;general;mbed-drivers;

//Value Computed by CMake
sockets_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/sockets

//Value Computed by CMake
ualloc_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/ualloc

//Dependencies for the target
ualloc_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;dlmalloc;general;-Wl,-wrap,_malloc_r -Wl,-wrap,_calloc_r -Wl,-wrap,_realloc_r -Wl,-wrap,_free_r -Wl,-wrap,_sbrk_r;

//Value Computed by CMake
ualloc_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/ualloc

//Value Computed by CMake
uvisor-lib_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/uvisor-lib

//Dependencies for target
uvisor-lib_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=

//Value Computed by CMake
uvisor-lib_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc/ym/uvisor-lib


########################
# INTERNAL cache entries
########################

//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_AR
CMAKE_AR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_ASM_COMPILER
CMAKE_ASM_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
CMAKE_ASM_COMPILER_WORKS:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS
CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_ASM_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//This is the directory where this CMakeCache.txt was created
CMAKE_CACHEFILE_DIR:INTERNAL=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc
//Major version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MAJOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=3
//Minor version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MINOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=3
//Patch version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_PATCH_VERSION:INTERNAL=2
//Path to CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/usr/local/Cellar/cmake/3.3.2/bin/cmake
//Path to cpack program executable.
CMAKE_CPACK_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/usr/local/Cellar/cmake/3.3.2/bin/cpack
//Path to ctest program executable.
CMAKE_CTEST_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/usr/local/Cellar/cmake/3.3.2/bin/ctest
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS
CMAKE_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS
CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Name of external makefile project generator.
CMAKE_EXTRA_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=
//Name of generator.
CMAKE_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=Ninja
//Name of generator platform.
CMAKE_GENERATOR_PLATFORM:INTERNAL=
//Name of generator toolset.
CMAKE_GENERATOR_TOOLSET:INTERNAL=
//Source directory with the top level CMakeLists.txt file for this
// project
CMAKE_HOME_DIRECTORY:INTERNAL=/Users/douans01/Documents/workspace/GitHub/yotta_projects/mbed-ethernet-sample/build/frdm-k64f-gcc
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_LINKER
CMAKE_LINKER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_NM
CMAKE_NM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//number of local generators
CMAKE_NUMBER_OF_LOCAL_GENERATORS:INTERNAL=79
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_OBJCOPY
CMAKE_OBJCOPY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_OBJDUMP
CMAKE_OBJDUMP-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RANLIB
CMAKE_RANLIB-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake installation.
CMAKE_ROOT:INTERNAL=/usr/local/Cellar/cmake/3.3.2/share/cmake
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STRIP
CMAKE_STRIP-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//uname command
CMAKE_UNAME:INTERNAL=/usr/bin/uname
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1

